The next thing is about the two string mattered.
So explain about the two string method basically to string is something which we saw earlier.
It is inherited from object.
So Object class defines the two string method.
So we'll take a simple class.
We have a class called animal I have name and type in here.
So I'm creating a new instance of this animal name Tommy dog.
So I'm trying a new scent of this animal and doing this out stumbled on the printed animal.
What would be the output.
The output would be something of this kind compre to the animal at 76 in 96.
This is because I'm not implementing a two string method in the Animal class.
It uses the default to string method which is defined in the Object class and by default a default method
which is defined in the two different method in the Object class.
What it does is it prints the name of the class and when it's present in memory.
So that's the thing it's sure.
It does not show the actual name and type of this particular class.
So if you want a printed name and type of the animal then what you'd need to do we would need to override
the two string method.
So what we're doing here is a two string method.
The important thing that you need to note is the should always be public.
It should always be returning a string.
And it should not accept any primitives.
This signature which you are seeing here is definitely mandate to me.
So you need to add it to the signature on the two string method.
And then I'm defining a two string method in here.
So I'm actually defining like generating the two string.
I mean I've generated the two string using Eclipse.
We'll look at how to generate that in a little while.
What you can see that this particular thing now prints animal name is called a top dog meat type is
called a dog.
So this is basically overwriting the two string.
So when I do this is so indolent on this animal after two string is different it would really print
the content of this particular object.
So what will this will quickly go to the Animal class.
There are multiple animal classes in here the one which you need to peek inside the object.
So come in any minutes Java object.
That's the one you'd need and you would see the two string method in here.
Actually I generated the string method by using Eclipso.
If you do you can generate the two string by doing right click Saud's generate two string and you can
say these are things that I would want to include in the string as well.
You can also say how do you want to format it.
So that I would want to use a string concatenation style I want to use a string buffer or use a string
format.
I'll just go for string concatenation for now and say OK.
So it generates a method of this type.
You can try playing around with the other things in the drop down there.
You would see that into the string format and things like that.
My preferred one would be to go for a string format because over here this would result in creating
of multiple strings which is a performance overhead.
So when I'm implementing a two string I would really prefer to go with the string format kind of stuff.
I would definitely recommend to play around with this example and try to understand it to that much
more.